OK so let's go ahead and continue and wrap this up.
Anyway the first file which we need to edit is the account underscore list of component diet tips.
So go over there and we're going to be doing some editing there.
We don't need to actually do much.
These are the only two new lines here which we have at.
So instead of us performing it a vacation from this particular component in which we are at the moment
we will provide an event to which the parent component can actually subscribe to which will mar that
we want to show the details of some account and that account will basically just be admitted so we're
using the decorator output to a variable details and then we are creating an event emitter which will
basically
will basically emit that account as an event.
And down below we have a private method show details so this method will be called on clicks on when
we click on the site on the account.
This will get the account which we would like to display and down below in the body of the metal Bubel
simply a media event containing the account to specify that we want basically just containing the account
that we want to show.
So we are Amedee consumers see here details that admit details and then demit account that is there.
That is the thing that we are emitting.
Next up we need to go into the account list component that HD M-L And here we need to make a very small
change.
This line here so we need to create an on click thing up there actually which is going to edit this
line and create a click.
So here we are finding the show detail function.
So you have the show detail phunk details function to the click event that we are passing.
And we and we are passing to it the account on which it has actually occurred.
So as you can see we're passing it A.S.C. anyway.
Now we can move on to the count list component Dotsie SS and here we just need to add one short line
its cursor colon pointer.
So when we pass with the mouse over the given account it will have the shape of a hand so that it is
more intuitive of the click and now we're going to go into the list component at HD M-L and what we
did here is basically this line as well that this entire line.
But like just this part that we are inserting here.
So we are now in the period component and now we would like to bind to the details event which we just
made and we are binding it to the show account details here function and we are passing to it defend
right here which in essence is the account that was actually admit it.
Now if we go into the list component Dotti Yes actually don't need this last part here.
There we go.
Just scroll down and private.
So these two are the new lines.
So like this the first one the private router here is what we're doing here is that we are injecting
the service router which we will use for navigation so that we can go from so that we can go to one
of the given routes and down below.
We have private route.
This was a private underscore router.
This is private underscore route.
We mentioned the service before which is needed in order to retrieve the route which we will need in
order to retrieve the route for the relative navigation and we import and we did import the dependencies
above.
So just this this line here a router and activated route.
OK so moving on from there.
There is a private show account details and private a private method if you will.
So it takes the parameter d account whose details we wish to show and that is the method which we have
previously.
Bind it.
So it takes as a parameter of the account whose details are going to be shown.
And we have the two lines down below.
Now these two lines of code do pretty much the same thing just in a different way.
In order to talk let's go ahead and discuss the first one.
So in order to reach a certain route we are using the method navigate are right here we're using We're
using that method from the router service which is which takes the first parameter the length array.
So you have the length array here.
And which is.
Which are the same as for the router link directive as well.
That's really important at the moment.
So the first element of the array is slash.
So this is important.
And the second parameter and the second element of the array is the route parameter that is the current
ID.
So count dot ID.
But since the direct routing is not reusable we will go ahead and take a look at the relative routing
as well which is that line down below for relative routing we require an additional parameter for this
navigate function and that is an object.
So here theres an object which relative to property which to which we pass the route as well the current
instance of the route and the current and basically that is the current route.
It is the current instance of it.
So to say the dot dot here dto it.
Well let me show you.
Let me go ahead and open up another D and if you type here see the dot dot ups see the dot dot.
You are going back exactly one directory so the same logic applies here you see C users test and a fight
to do this.
And if I am against the users test but if I do see the dot dot I am going back one folder and again
I'm going back one step so to say.
So we are first routing with this apparent route with this first and going back to the parent route.
And then we are routing to the route with the parameter we need this because the current route is.
Let me just go ahead and type that this is this is the the current route would be this and we need to
go out of this route and we need to go from here and then go elsewhere because that's how that's how
it works.
So that's why we have the double dot which takes us back one step.
Anyway that's it.
Save the file save all of them and go ahead and pop your browser.
Go ahead and click on look at your accounts and then you can click on one of these do.
Let's go ahead and click on the first one.
And there you go you have the account details.
If I go back one step just take a look at the shape of my mouse.
Just take a look at it.
It doesn't change doesn't change.
I go over it it changes to a hand.
So it's kind of more intuitive when you click on it.
Anyway good to bid you farewell here and hope to see you soon.